Added an important info to make GCSE wok properly (#133)
google/docsy: userguide/content/en/docs/Adding content/navigation.md

    * Select **Look and feel**. Change from the default **Overlay** layout to **Results only**, as this option means your search results are embedded in your search page rather than appearing in a separate box. Click **Save** to save your changes.
    * Edit the default result link behavior so that search results from your site don't open in a new tab. To do this, select **Search Features** - **Advanced** - **Websearch Settings**. In the **Link Target** field, type "\_parent". Click **Save** to save your changes.
    

> Please note: to have some search result in GCSE your website must be indexed by Google. To do it you must submit the sitemap for indexing through Google Search Console (<https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/183668?hl=en>).

Reviewer: This isn't quite accurate in that your production site will be crawled by Google eventually, you just may want to get them to hurry it up.
```suggestion
{{% alert title="Tip" %}}
Your site search results should show up within a couple of days. If it takes longer than that, you can manually request that your site is indexed by [submitting a sitemap through the Google Search Console](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/183668?hl=en).
{{% /alert %}}
```

> 

Reviewer: This isn't quite accurate in that your production site will be crawled by Google eventually, you just may want to get them to hurry it up.
```suggestion
{{% alert title="Tip" %}}
Your site search results should show up within a couple of days. If it takes longer than that, you can manually request that your site is indexed by [submitting a sitemap through the Google Search Console](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/183668?hl=en).
{{% /alert %}}
```
